RCOMP 2019-2020 Project - Sprint 4 planning
===========================================
### Sprint master: 1170500 ###

# 1. Sprint's summary #

  The company Smart Shop Floor Management (SSFM) has a specialization in the management and production control areas of industrial units dedicated to different business areas. To take better advantage of the new business opportunities, they want to develop an information system capable of gathering all the data/messages generated by their equipment and also process them in order to:
  - control the production orders and their execution.
  - the management of the time of activity on the machines.
  - the management of the consumption of raw material.
  - the registry of the effective quantity of products produced.

For this system we will need to develop 3 network applications:
 - A central system, related to the "core" system to develop. This system will send and receive messages from the machines
 - Industrial machines and emulators, corresponding to a real industrial machine or to a software that simulates the general behavior of an industrial machine. These send messages to the central system and they also receive messages from the monitoring and central system
 - The monitoring system, which is an integral part of the system which purpose is to monitor the state of the industrial machines or the emulatores. This system only send messages to the machines

# 2. Sprint's backlog #

* UC 1011: As the project manager, I want the development of an aplication that emulates the behavior of a machine, mainly emulating sending messages.
* UC 6001: As the monitoring system (SMM), I want to monitor the state of the machines by their production line.
* UC 1012: As the project manager, I want the emulator to be able to support monitoring requests about its status.
* UC 4002: As the central system (SCM), I want to be able to collect the messages generated by the machines from a certain production line.


# 3. Subtasks assignment #

  * 1170500 (Hugo Frias) - UC 4002
  * 1180730 (Vera Pinto) - UC 1012
  * 1180782 (Diogo Ribeiro) - UC 6001
  * 1181628 (André Novo) - UC 1011
